<iframe src="https://www.googletagmanager.com/ns.html?id=GTM-NSMHG3R"
height="0" width="0" style="display:none;visibility:hidden"></iframe> 0333 331 9877 Payments Legal services Our people Reviews About us News & Insights Contact us Our culture Search For you & your family Conveyancing and residential property Family law Wills Succession planning and asset protection Probate Contested wills, trusts and probate Elderly and vulnerable client Powers of attorney Court of Protection Trust management French property and estates Personal injury claims Medical and clinical negligence claims Employment law for employees Bankruptcy For business Corporate and commercial Real estate Dispute resolution Civil and commercial mediation Property disputes Employment law for employers Intellectual property rights E-commerce IT and information Insolvency Debt recovery Professional negligence Licensing Specialist sectors Agriculture and rural business Automotive Charities and not-for-profit Dentists Education Equine Food and drink Health and care Hospitality and leisure Manufacturing and distribution About us About Furley Page Our culture Our values History of Furley Page Organisations supported by Furley Page Furley Page Foundation Furley Page Foundation grant making policy Donate to Furley Page Foundation Careers Careers at Furley Page Working at Furley Page Furley Page work place benefits Vacancies Job application form Candidate privacy policy Trainee solicitors Trainee solicitors faqs Summer work placement scheme Summer work placement scheme faqs Home Legal services For you & your family For you & your family Conveyancing and residential property Family law Wills Succession planning and asset protection Probate Contested wills, trusts and probate Elderly and vulnerable client Powers of attorney Court of Protection Trust management French property and estates Personal injury claims Medical and clinical negligence claims Employment law for employees Bankruptcy For business For business Corporate and commercial Real estate Dispute resolution Civil and commercial mediation Property disputes Employment law for employers Intellectual property rights E-commerce IT and information Insolvency Debt recovery Professional negligence Licensing Specialist sectors Specialist sectors Agriculture and rural business Agriculture and rural business Sale and purchase of agriculture and rural property Agriculture tenancies Joint venture development projects Sporting rights over rural property Automotive Charities and not-for-profit Dentists Education Education Employment advice for the education sector Academy conversions Equine Equine Equine agreements Bringing and defending equine claims Food and drink Health and care Hospitality and leisure Manufacturing and distribution Our people Reviews About us About us About us About Furley Page Our culture Our values History of Furley Page Organisations supported by Furley Page Furley Page Foundation Furley Page Foundation grant making policy Donate to Furley Page Foundation Careers Careers Careers at Furley Page Working at Furley Page Furley Page work place benefits Vacancies Job application form Candidate privacy policy Trainee solicitors Trainee solicitors faqs Summer work placement scheme Summer work placement scheme faqs News & Insights Contact us Our culture Call us on 0333 331 9877 Email your enquiry Home / About us / Our culture Our culture Exceptional client service runs through everything we do like a golden thread. Our culture is built upon looking after our clients’ best interests.
We invest in the right blend of talented people and cutting-edge legal technology and connectivity to serve our clients’ needs. In this section About us Our culture Our values History of Furley Page Organisations supported by Furley Page Furley Page Foundation Furley Page Foundation grant making policy Donate to Furley Page Foundation Careers We are flexible in the way we work and accessible to our clients and we believe in transparency about fees, so there are no hidden costs or surprises.
We spend time understanding your legal requirements, we tailor our legal advice to your specific needs to produce the best outcome for you. Our legal specialists provide pragmatic, cost-effective answers to your problems. These could range from fixed-fee legal services, to bespoke solutions.
Working in Partner-led teams of solicitors, we advise across a wide area of legal specialisms. Our approach means our lawyers provide a seamless, joined-up service to businesses and individuals.
Furley Page has expertise in a range of sectors. Our clients appreciate our understanding of their industry or market because the advice we give is practical and informed by experience.
The human face of Furley Page is seen through the organisations we support, our pro bono work and our charity, the Furley Page Foundation. Our dedicated staff are part of the fabric of business and community life in the areas we serve.
Founded in 1725 and proud of our heritage, Furley Page is a modern, forward-looking law firm.
Our accreditations
Our legal expertise and outstanding client service are recognised by The Legal 500, Chambers UK and Chambers HNW, independent guides to the legal profession.
Furley Page has been recommended by The Legal 500 in several practice areas, placing the law firm among the region’s legal elite, while many of the firm’s Partners and senior solicitors are recommended for their legal expertise.
Several teams and solicitors at Furley Page have been ranked in Chambers UK and Chambers HNW guides including our litigation, real estate and corporate teams.
A Partner in our Dispute Resolution team is a practising solicitor as well as an Accredited CEDR Mediator. He can apply his expertise as a mediator to resolve a wide range of civil and commercial disputes through mediation.
Our residential property team is an accredited member of the Law Society’s Conveyancing Quality Scheme, which is a mark of excellence for the home buying process.
Furley Page’s expert family law team is recognised by The Legal 500 and accredited by the Law Society. Lawyers within the team are members of Resolution. Resolution’s family lawyers are committed to the constructive resolution of family disputes. Two members of the team are collaborative lawyers.
The Society of Trust and Estate Practitioners STEP is the global professional association for practitioners who specialise in family inheritance and succession planning. Lawyers in our wills, succession planning and asset protection team are members of STEP, with some specialising in particular areas of law.
Lawyers in our contested wills team belong to ACTAPS, the Association of Contentious Trust and Probate Specialists. ACTAPS denotes a badge of trust, professionalism and expertise, ensuring that clients being advised by a lawyer that is a member of ACTAPS can rely upon their expertise in this field of law.
Our Private client team is recognised for its legal expertise and client service by Chambers HNW and The Legal 500.
Furley Page is an accredited Association of Personal Injury Lawyers APIL practice. Our personal injury lawyers are professionally accredited and have satisfied comprehensive criteria in managing personal injury claims. Head of Personal Injury is listed on Headway, the brain injury association, for his expertise in this type of work. Chambers UK and The Legal 500 recognise the legal expertise and client service provided by our Personal injury team.
The Head of our vulnerable client team is an approved panel Deputy for the Court of Protection, the only Deputy appointed in East Kent and Medway. Lawyers in the team are Accredited Members of Solicitors for the Elderly.
Furley Page is accredited with the Investors in People Standard, which is a sign of a great employer. If you wish to find out more about joining our successful team, visit our careers page.
Vacancies How can we help you? Call us on 0333 331 9877 Email your enquiry You may also be interested in About us > Our culture > Our values > History of Furley Page > Organisations supported by Furley Page > Furley Page Foundation > Careers > BACK TO TOP Careers
Offices
Sitemap
Cookies
Accessibility
Complaints
Payments Legal information LLP
Terms of website use
Acceptable use policy
Privacy policy 0333 331 9877 LinkedIn Twitter YouTube ©Furley Page LLP 2023