<iframe src="https://www.googletagmanager.com/ns.html?id=GTM-NSMHG3R"
height="0" width="0" style="display:none;visibility:hidden"></iframe> 0333 331 9877 Payments Legal services Our people Reviews About us News & Insights Contact us Our culture Search For you & your family Conveyancing and residential property Family law Wills Succession planning and asset protection Probate Contested wills, trusts and probate Elderly and vulnerable client Powers of attorney Court of Protection Trust management French property and estates Personal injury claims Medical and clinical negligence claims Employment law for employees Bankruptcy For business Corporate and commercial Real estate Dispute resolution Civil and commercial mediation Property disputes Employment law for employers Intellectual property rights E-commerce IT and information Insolvency Debt recovery Professional negligence Licensing Specialist sectors Agriculture and rural business Automotive Charities and not-for-profit Dentists Education Equine Food and drink Health and care Hospitality and leisure Manufacturing and distribution About us About Furley Page Our culture Our values History of Furley Page Organisations supported by Furley Page Furley Page Foundation Furley Page Foundation grant making policy Donate to Furley Page Foundation Careers Careers at Furley Page Working at Furley Page Furley Page work place benefits Vacancies Job application form Candidate privacy policy Trainee solicitors Trainee solicitors faqs Summer work placement scheme Summer work placement scheme faqs Home Legal services For you & your family For you & your family Conveyancing and residential property Family law Wills Succession planning and asset protection Probate Contested wills, trusts and probate Elderly and vulnerable client Powers of attorney Court of Protection Trust management French property and estates Personal injury claims Medical and clinical negligence claims Employment law for employees Bankruptcy For business For business Corporate and commercial Real estate Dispute resolution Civil and commercial mediation Property disputes Employment law for employers Intellectual property rights E-commerce IT and information Insolvency Debt recovery Professional negligence Licensing Specialist sectors Specialist sectors Agriculture and rural business Agriculture and rural business Sale and purchase of agriculture and rural property Agriculture tenancies Joint venture development projects Sporting rights over rural property Automotive Charities and not-for-profit Dentists Education Education Employment advice for the education sector Academy conversions Equine Equine Equine agreements Bringing and defending equine claims Food and drink Health and care Hospitality and leisure Manufacturing and distribution Our people Reviews About us About us About us About Furley Page Our culture Our values History of Furley Page Organisations supported by Furley Page Furley Page Foundation Furley Page Foundation grant making policy Donate to Furley Page Foundation Careers Careers Careers at Furley Page Working at Furley Page Furley Page work place benefits Vacancies Job application form Candidate privacy policy Trainee solicitors Trainee solicitors faqs Summer work placement scheme Summer work placement scheme faqs News & Insights Contact us Our culture Call us on 0333 331 9877 Email your enquiry Home / About us / Careers Careers We recognise our people are our greatest strength.
We recruit staff with the right skills, energy and attitude to provide our clients with exceptional service and legal expertise. In this section Careers Working at Furley Page Furley Page work place benefits Vacancies Job application form Candidate privacy policy Trainee solicitors Trainee solicitors faqs Summer work placement scheme Summer work placement scheme faqs Legal and business support roles
We like to grow our own talent. Our approach has given us many legal specialists who have enjoyed a stimulating and structured career path.
All our staff are fully supported when they work for us. From trainee solicitors who join us each year for our two year training programme, to legal advisers undertaking CILEX training. This includes our apprentices who join us in roles across our teams and anyone who wishes to continue their skills development.
Our future growth depends on the quality of staff we employ and their training and development is the key to our success. We are proud that this is reflected in our Chambers UK, Chambers HNW and The Legal 500 rankings.
We work with our staff to help them progress their careers in the legal profession and give the best candidates the legal job opportunities that bring fresh talent and knowledge to our teams.
When you join us in a business support position we recognise the valuable contribution you make and we will support the development of your skills. Our business support roles cover a range of functions including HR & training, accounts, secretarial support and office services.
Vacancies
Working at Furley Page
Furley Page is accredited with the Investors in People Standard, which is a sign of a great employer. Investors in People is the national award that sets a level of good practice for training and development of staff to achieve the goals of an organisation. Investors in People provides a framework to enable a business to offer consistent quality and service to its clients. Furley Page first achieved this award in 2006 and retaining the Standard remains one of the key objectives of the firm’s strategy.
Our legal teams advise across many different areas of practice, they are made up of fee earners and business support staff.
Our offices in Canterbury, Chatham and Whitstable offer a friendly and pleasant working environment. The majority of our staff are located in the heart of the busy, historic city of Canterbury. The remainder are based either in the pretty harbour town of Whitstable, or at the Historic Dockyard, Chatham.
After a qualifying period and depending on the needs of the business, many work in a flexible, hybrid fashion allowing 2 days working from home.
Our cutting-edge IT system allows you to work anywhere, be that from the office or home or even with a client, which has proved essential during the covid pandemic.
Find out more about working at Furley Page >>
Vacancies How can we help you? Call us on 0333 331 9877 Email your enquiry You may also be interested in Careers > Working at Furley Page > Furley Page work place benefits > Vacancies > Job application form > Candidate privacy policy > Trainee solicitors > Trainee solicitors faqs > Summer work placement scheme > Summer work placement scheme faqs > BACK TO TOP Careers
Offices
Sitemap
Cookies
Accessibility
Complaints
Payments Legal information LLP
Terms of website use
Acceptable use policy
Privacy policy 0333 331 9877 LinkedIn Twitter YouTube ©Furley Page LLP 2023