<iframe src="https://www.googletagmanager.com/ns.html?id=GTM-NSMHG3R"
height="0" width="0" style="display:none;visibility:hidden"></iframe> 0333 331 9877 Payments Legal services Our people Reviews About us News & Insights Contact us Our culture Search For you & your family Conveyancing and residential property Family law Wills Succession planning and asset protection Probate Contested wills, trusts and probate Elderly and vulnerable client Powers of attorney Court of Protection Trust management French property and estates Personal injury claims Medical and clinical negligence claims Employment law for employees Bankruptcy For business Corporate and commercial Real estate Dispute resolution Civil and commercial mediation Property disputes Employment law for employers Intellectual property rights E-commerce IT and information Insolvency Debt recovery Professional negligence Licensing Specialist sectors Agriculture and rural business Automotive Charities and not-for-profit Dentists Education Equine Food and drink Health and care Hospitality and leisure Manufacturing and distribution About us About Furley Page Our culture Our values History of Furley Page Organisations supported by Furley Page Furley Page Foundation Furley Page Foundation grant making policy Donate to Furley Page Foundation Careers Careers at Furley Page Working at Furley Page Furley Page work place benefits Vacancies Job application form Candidate privacy policy Trainee solicitors Trainee solicitors faqs Summer work placement scheme Summer work placement scheme faqs Home Legal services For you & your family For you & your family Conveyancing and residential property Family law Wills Succession planning and asset protection Probate Contested wills, trusts and probate Elderly and vulnerable client Powers of attorney Court of Protection Trust management French property and estates Personal injury claims Medical and clinical negligence claims Employment law for employees Bankruptcy For business For business Corporate and commercial Real estate Dispute resolution Civil and commercial mediation Property disputes Employment law for employers Intellectual property rights E-commerce IT and information Insolvency Debt recovery Professional negligence Licensing Specialist sectors Specialist sectors Agriculture and rural business Agriculture and rural business Sale and purchase of agriculture and rural property Agriculture tenancies Joint venture development projects Sporting rights over rural property Automotive Charities and not-for-profit Dentists Education Education Employment advice for the education sector Academy conversions Equine Equine Equine agreements Bringing and defending equine claims Food and drink Health and care Hospitality and leisure Manufacturing and distribution Our people Reviews About us About us About us About Furley Page Our culture Our values History of Furley Page Organisations supported by Furley Page Furley Page Foundation Furley Page Foundation grant making policy Donate to Furley Page Foundation Careers Careers Careers at Furley Page Working at Furley Page Furley Page work place benefits Vacancies Job application form Candidate privacy policy Trainee solicitors Trainee solicitors faqs Summer work placement scheme Summer work placement scheme faqs News & Insights Contact us Our culture Call us on 0333 331 9877 Email your enquiry Home / About us / Careers / Working at Furley Page Working at Furley Page Furley Page is described by Investors in People as a successful business because we have built a strong reputation through client relationships, which have been established over a significant number of years.
We recognise Furley Page staff are the key to our success by providing exceptional client service and legal expertise. In this section Careers Working at Furley Page Furley Page work place benefits Vacancies Job application form Candidate privacy policy Trainee solicitors Trainee solicitors faqs Summer work placement scheme Summer work placement scheme faqs People make a difference
We attract the very best staff in a wide range of roles. That could be as a trainee solicitor at the beginning of a legal career, or as an established lawyer with years of experience, or as one of our apprentices entering the world of work.
We never lose sight of all the other key roles which make our firm successful. These include legal secretaries, office services, accounts, to name a few who provide support for our legal teams.
Jeremy Licence, Managing Partner:
“We spend a lot of time at work during our lives so at Furley Page, we recognise the importance of making it as enjoyable as possible. Working alongside good people is an important factor, and we pride ourselves on having an open, stimulating and rewarding culture. Our core values are central to the decisions we make in the business.
We provide a very client focussed service and in order to achieve this, we strive to recruit people with the right skills, energy and attitude. We actively encourage and support our people to be the best they can be in their chosen roles.”
Vacancies Development of our people
Everyone who joins us undertakes a comprehensive induction programme tailored to you and your role. We want to ensure you are given the best possible start to your career and to equip you with the necessary knowledge and skills to undertake your role. Your development does not stop there.
We are committed to help you realise your goals and potential. Regular performance reviews will help identify areas of your growth.
For our CILEx and qualified Solicitors, you will receive continuous training and development.
Diversity
All Partners and staff at Furley Page are requested to complete a biennial diversity survey. Some chose not to participate and others chose not to respond to every question.
The attached results therefore are representative of three quarters of our workforce >> We recognise that the results need to be viewed and compared against others in the South East to provide context, so within the results which can be found here we have provided that information.
Corporate Social Responsibility
Kent and Medway is where most Furley Page staff live and work, which is why we participate in community initiatives and support local Kent based charities through the Furley Page Foundation >>
Equal Opportunities
Furley Page is an equal opportunities employer. We aim to ensure that no applicant or employee receives less favourable treatment on the grounds of gender, marital status, race, colour, ethnic origin, sexual orientation, age or disability, and that all appointments are made purely on the basis of merit.
Our culture and our values
Our culture and Our values explain the type of lawyers and staff that make Furley Page the excellent firm of solicitors it is today. Exceptional client service runs through everything we do like a golden thread. Our clients best interests always come first.
Why join Furley Page?
If you want to be recognised and rewarded for your efforts then Furley Page is the right law firm for you. We offer a wide range of benefits along with an active Health & Wellbeing programme of events and a social calendar. We want people to join us who are committed, commercially focused, ambitious and enthusiastic.
In addition, we operate hybrid working for many of our roles for those who choose to split their time between office and home.
Find out more about workplace benefits >> Opportunities at Furley Page
Each year we recruit two Trainee Solicitors as part of our commitment to developing the solicitors and partners of tomorrow.
We always welcome applications from qualified and experienced solicitors across a wide range of expertise to join our legal teams.
Our support staff are key to our success and we would be pleased to hear from legal secretaries, accounts and office services staff.
Apprenticeships
Working closely with East Kent College, each year we employ Apprentices across our business on a 12 month contract. Apprentices are required to complete NVQ Level 2 in Business Studies which we support. Full training is provided for all Apprentices.
Joining our team
We welcome CV’s from talented individuals who are interested in joining the Furley Page team. Whether you are looking to progress your legal career, or are looking for your first job in the legal sector, we’d like to hear from you.
Our HR team will be very pleased to talk to you about: Our current vacancies
Your CV
Our graduate training scheme for Trainee Solicitors
Legal work experience through our Summer Work Placement Scheme
Training and development
Law careers
Our partnership with East Kent College and their apprenticeship scheme. To find out more about working for Furley Page, speak to our Senior HR Manager, Karen Cook on 01227 763939 or email hr@furleypage.co.uk
Vacancies How can we help you? Call us on 0333 331 9877 Email your enquiry You may also be interested in Careers > Working at Furley Page > Furley Page work place benefits > Vacancies > Job application form > Candidate privacy policy > Trainee solicitors > Trainee solicitors faqs > Summer work placement scheme > Summer work placement scheme faqs > BACK TO TOP Careers
Offices
Sitemap
Cookies
Accessibility
Complaints
Payments Legal information LLP
Terms of website use
Acceptable use policy
Privacy policy 0333 331 9877 LinkedIn Twitter YouTube ©Furley Page LLP 2023