<iframe src="https://www.googletagmanager.com/ns.html?id=GTM-NSMHG3R"
height="0" width="0" style="display:none;visibility:hidden"></iframe> 0333 331 9877 Payments Legal services Our people Reviews About us News & Insights Contact us Our culture Search For you & your family Conveyancing and residential property Family law Wills Succession planning and asset protection Probate Contested wills, trusts and probate Elderly and vulnerable client Powers of attorney Court of Protection Trust management French property and estates Personal injury claims Medical and clinical negligence claims Employment law for employees Bankruptcy For business Corporate and commercial Real estate Dispute resolution Civil and commercial mediation Property disputes Employment law for employers Intellectual property rights E-commerce IT and information Insolvency Debt recovery Professional negligence Licensing Specialist sectors Agriculture and rural business Automotive Charities and not-for-profit Dentists Education Equine Food and drink Health and care Hospitality and leisure Manufacturing and distribution About us About Furley Page Our culture Our values History of Furley Page Organisations supported by Furley Page Furley Page Foundation Furley Page Foundation grant making policy Donate to Furley Page Foundation Careers Careers at Furley Page Working at Furley Page Furley Page work place benefits Vacancies Job application form Candidate privacy policy Trainee solicitors Trainee solicitors faqs Summer work placement scheme Summer work placement scheme faqs Home Legal services For you & your family For you & your family Conveyancing and residential property Family law Wills Succession planning and asset protection Probate Contested wills, trusts and probate Elderly and vulnerable client Powers of attorney Court of Protection Trust management French property and estates Personal injury claims Medical and clinical negligence claims Employment law for employees Bankruptcy For business For business Corporate and commercial Real estate Dispute resolution Civil and commercial mediation Property disputes Employment law for employers Intellectual property rights E-commerce IT and information Insolvency Debt recovery Professional negligence Licensing Specialist sectors Specialist sectors Agriculture and rural business Agriculture and rural business Sale and purchase of agriculture and rural property Agriculture tenancies Joint venture development projects Sporting rights over rural property Automotive Charities and not-for-profit Dentists Education Education Employment advice for the education sector Academy conversions Equine Equine Equine agreements Bringing and defending equine claims Food and drink Health and care Hospitality and leisure Manufacturing and distribution Our people Reviews About us About us About us About Furley Page Our culture Our values History of Furley Page Organisations supported by Furley Page Furley Page Foundation Furley Page Foundation grant making policy Donate to Furley Page Foundation Careers Careers Careers at Furley Page Working at Furley Page Furley Page work place benefits Vacancies Job application form Candidate privacy policy Trainee solicitors Trainee solicitors faqs Summer work placement scheme Summer work placement scheme faqs News & Insights Contact us Our culture Call us on 0333 331 9877 Email your enquiry Home / For you & your family / Trust management Trust management Trusts are an effective way to protect assets for family, future generations, friends and charities.
Based on our extensive experience of dealing with trusts, we have devised three fixed fee services which will appeal to the majority of trustees, called Bronze, Silver and Gold services. Our Platinum service is a bespoke trustee services package for complex trusts. Trust management services Trust management Restructuring of trusts Exercising trustee powers Trustee responsibilities If trusts are set up correctly and administered in line with HMRC requirements they can provide a tax planning tool that spans generations.
Furley Page has specialists who can help set up trusts. We have trust administrators who work exclusively with appointed trustees, advising them of their legal obligations to ensure the trust is compliant and operating efficiently.
How we can help with the administration of a trust Our range of trust management services include: Reviewing trust documentation to compile a complete summary of the trust
Opening a designated trust bank account
Preparing and submitting documents to the HMRC to register the trust for income and capital gains tax purposes
Establishing the objectives of the trustees and drafting an investment policy
Instructing a financial adviser and requesting annual reviews
Facilitating and chairing meetings of the trustees in compliance with the Trustee Act 2000 and acting as secretary during these meetings
Preparing minutes of the meetings and circulating them to the trustees for approval
Day-to-day administration eg reading company circulars in respect of corporate activity and taking any necessary action while managing payments in and out of the trust
Drafting annual trust accounts and circulating these to trustees for approval
Drafting key trust deeds and documents such as appointments of capital and income, resolutions, loan agreements and deeds of appointment and retirement of trustees
Implementation of agreed capital and income distributions, and supplying standard information to the beneficiaries
Completion of tax returns for the trustees and circulating these for approval
Production of trustee tax deduction certificates Trust management services Restructuring of trusts > Exercising trustee powers > Trustee responsibilities > Fixed fee and bespoke trust management services
Based on our extensive experience of dealing with trusts, we have devised three fixed fee services which will appeal to the majority of trustees.
We also offer a bespoke trustee services package for complex trusts.
Bronze Service
Our Bronze Service is suitable for those trusts that hold a single asset. This might be an interest in a property, liquid funds in a bank account or fully managed investment portfolio of under £100,000.
We will: Hold the key trust documents in our strong room.
Add the details of the trust to our confidential database.
Maintain a register of key dates that impact the trust and notify you as required.
If you elect to do so, you will also receive our private client newsletter and email updates of legal developments that impact trusts. Silver Service
Our Silver Service is suited to those trusts controlled by lay trustees who need efficient advice as and when the need arises. These trusts will have multiple assets consisting of property, cash and investments up to £1,000,000 in value.
We will offer all the features of our Bronze Service plus: Assign you a specialist trust adviser as a personal contact.
Five hours of legal advice from our range of trustee services.
10% discount off our standard hourly charges (if the five hours are exceeded). Gold Service
Our Gold Service is suited to those trusts that require active management. The trust will have high value assets and investments up to £2,000,000 in value.
We will offer all the features of our Bronze Service plus: Assign you a specialist trust adviser as a personal contact.
10 hours of legal advice from our range of trustee services.
20% discount off our standard hourly charges (if the 10 hours are exceeded). Platinum Service
Our Platinum Service is a bespoke service suited to complex trusts often involving overseas assets, business assets and high value investment and property portfolios
We will: Agree a suitable capped annual fee or work on a time spent basis.
Provide flexible meeting times to include evenings and weekends and at a location of your choice. Trust management by Furley Page
Our expert lawyers and legal team has extensive experience providing services for trustees and the management of trusts.
Contact David Fielding to find out how we can help you. How can we help you? Call us on 0333 331 9877 Email your enquiry Key contacts David Fielding Trust Manager David Fielding Trust Manager Meet the team Trust management services Trust management > Restructuring of trusts > Exercising trustee powers > Trustee responsibilities > Related news & events Shining a light on secret and half secret trusts > You may also be interested in Wills > Succession planning and asset protection > Contested wills, trusts and probate > How can we help you? Call us on 0333 331 9877 Email your enquiry BACK TO TOP Careers
Offices
Sitemap
Cookies
Accessibility
Complaints
Payments Legal information LLP
Terms of website use
Acceptable use policy
Privacy policy 0333 331 9877 LinkedIn Twitter YouTube ©Furley Page LLP 2023