<iframe src="https://www.googletagmanager.com/ns.html?id=GTM-NSMHG3R"
height="0" width="0" style="display:none;visibility:hidden"></iframe> 0333 331 9877 Payments Legal services Our people Reviews About us News & Insights Contact us Our culture Search For you & your family Conveyancing and residential property Family law Wills Succession planning and asset protection Probate Contested wills, trusts and probate Elderly and vulnerable client Powers of attorney Court of Protection Trust management French property and estates Personal injury claims Medical and clinical negligence claims Employment law for employees Bankruptcy For business Corporate and commercial Real estate Dispute resolution Civil and commercial mediation Property disputes Employment law for employers Intellectual property rights E-commerce IT and information Insolvency Debt recovery Professional negligence Licensing Specialist sectors Agriculture and rural business Automotive Charities and not-for-profit Dentists Education Equine Food and drink Health and care Hospitality and leisure Manufacturing and distribution About us About Furley Page Our culture Our values History of Furley Page Organisations supported by Furley Page Furley Page Foundation Furley Page Foundation grant making policy Donate to Furley Page Foundation Careers Careers at Furley Page Working at Furley Page Furley Page work place benefits Vacancies Job application form Candidate privacy policy Trainee solicitors Trainee solicitors faqs Summer work placement scheme Summer work placement scheme faqs Home Legal services For you & your family For you & your family Conveyancing and residential property Family law Wills Succession planning and asset protection Probate Contested wills, trusts and probate Elderly and vulnerable client Powers of attorney Court of Protection Trust management French property and estates Personal injury claims Medical and clinical negligence claims Employment law for employees Bankruptcy For business For business Corporate and commercial Real estate Dispute resolution Civil and commercial mediation Property disputes Employment law for employers Intellectual property rights E-commerce IT and information Insolvency Debt recovery Professional negligence Licensing Specialist sectors Specialist sectors Agriculture and rural business Agriculture and rural business Sale and purchase of agriculture and rural property Agriculture tenancies Joint venture development projects Sporting rights over rural property Automotive Charities and not-for-profit Dentists Education Education Employment advice for the education sector Academy conversions Equine Equine Equine agreements Bringing and defending equine claims Food and drink Health and care Hospitality and leisure Manufacturing and distribution Our people Reviews About us About us About us About Furley Page Our culture Our values History of Furley Page Organisations supported by Furley Page Furley Page Foundation Furley Page Foundation grant making policy Donate to Furley Page Foundation Careers Careers Careers at Furley Page Working at Furley Page Furley Page work place benefits Vacancies Job application form Candidate privacy policy Trainee solicitors Trainee solicitors faqs Summer work placement scheme Summer work placement scheme faqs News & Insights Contact us Our culture Call us on 0333 331 9877 Email your enquiry For you and your family Home / For you & your family Furley Page is a leading firm of personal and family law solicitors based in Kent and Medway. Our clients treat us as their trusted advisers. We have been providing legal advice to families for generations and we can support you through life’s significant events. When you buy your first home or start a family, making your will or helping an elderly relative, facing divorce or recovering from an injury, we can help you secure your future. You can be confident you will receive outstanding service and expert legal advice that is personal to you. What our clients say... Furley Page are a very professional company. Ross Rowland did everything he could with my claim and more. On the ball with everything to a tee. Kept me updated of any changes, letter and communications with the other side. Very easy to talk to and a big help in my time of need. It was a long 5 years but I could not fault Ross at all. This man changed my life and I’m very grateful. Client of Ross Rowland - Mr S of Rochester This is a highly experienced specialist team ... Their knowledge and expertise is excellent in specialist matters...
Furley Page has collaborative lawyers who can handle all areas of private finance and children law. Chambers UK 2023 - Family law team She makes clients feel completely comfortable and has a disarming manner about her. ...Rayma has a steely determination with impeccable judgement. ...Rayma was sensitive but, most importantly, sensible while being responsive and efficient. Chambers UK 2023 - Rayma Collins Naomi Hayward has a growing family law practice that focuses primarily on matrimonial finance work and complex child arrangement disputes. She is also a collaborative lawyer. She is a very competent lawyer with a lot of experience. Chambers UK 2023 - Naomi Hayward Joanne McDonald tailored her service based on my needs for my court case. She was efficient, tenacious and forward thinking in her decision. Her service is invaluable for Furley Page. Joanne is polite and friendly and goes over and beyond. She has restored my faith in the legal profession and I have used the company again for another legal matter. Would highly recommend the company. The Legal 500 2023 - Joanne McDonald Ross Rowland was excellent; I could not have asked for more. He was very in depth with everything we need for the case from my loss of earnings, my mental health to my prosthetics for the future. The Legal 500 2023 - Ross Rowland In addition to her extensive knowledge of family law, Laura Sinclair went to great lengths to understand my specific situation and help to guide me on the position I wished to take on various matters. I believe that I have received very sound advice throughout my case. Laura is extremely well-organised and managed my case very efficiently. The Legal 500 2023 - Laura Sinclair Aaron Spencer has been professional, efficient & approachable from the very start. We have been dealing with a complex family issue, which he has handled with sensitivity & legal skill. In a word, we trust him implicitly to give us the best possible advice & counsel. The Legal 500 2023 - Aaron Spencer Aaron Spencer provided me and my family with a wealth of high level expertise, whilst other members of his Private client team were able to cater to the range of tax issues which arose. His personal approach was greatly appreciated. The Legal 500 2023 - Aaron Spencer & Private client team I found Furley Page to be very professional. They did everything they said they would and more. The Legal 500 2023 - Personal injury Very professional and helpful. Thorough and knowledgeable. The Legal 500 2023 - Personal injury team The crucial difference between Furley Page and other firms is their client rapport. Phone calls are followed through and emails answered promptly. The Legal 500 2023 - Private client team They made all the options perfectly clear & straightforward. The Legal 500 2022 - Personal injury client feedback By having a complete suite of services within the private client team to support French property owners and buyers, both from a French and and English legal and tax perspective, Furley Page has successfully covered this niche area. The Legal 500 2022 - French property, tax and estates Aaron Spencer was excellent at simplifying complex issues and writing in a style that I can understand. He was always able to answer all questions to my satisfaction. The Legal 500 2022 - Aaron Spencer (Private client) The family law department at Furley Page Solicitors has a strong ethos of good communication between associates at all levels. They have always been available to support with level-headed legal advice in difficult situations, ranging from managing the emotions of all other parties involved to negotiating the challenges of a pandemic. The Legal 500 2022 - Family law team The team are very experienced, accessible, practical and both we and our clients find them very easy to work with. They are flexible to clients needs and always willing and able to help. The Legal 500 2021 - Personal Tax, Trusts & Probate He is very easy to work with and explains everything in detail. ...He is absolutely fantastic, dealing with the matter in an efficient and compassionate manner. Chambers UK 2021 - Neille Ryan Rayma Collins is wise, reasonable and a committed collaborative law practitioner. Always good to work with. Naomi Hayward is an excellent lawyer and a joy to work with. A truly collaborative practitioner. The Legal 500 2021 - Rayma Collins & Naomi Hayward At a very difficult time for us Furley Page treated us very well. After our initial meeting, they informed us of what needed to be done and kept us up to date along the way. At all times we were confident that they were doing the best that they could for us. The Legal 500 2021 - Personal injury He is very good in front of clients - he has a good bedside manner. He can break the complex down and explain it in a simple way. Chambers HNW 2020 - Aaron Spencer I mainly work with Aaron Spencer who is very good at understanding a client’s unique situation and needs and then being able to present solutions in such a way that clients fully understand his advice, with ease. The Legal 500 2021 - Aaron Spencer client feedback Rayma Collins has been my rock in the last year. It is because of her that I have a future. Her kindness, caring and understanding whilst being highly professional in all matters relating to my case has left a lasting impression on me. I just cannot recommend her highly enough. Rayma Collins and her team have just been fantastic. Heather Dunlop went out of her way to when I needed legal help she made herself available at short notice so I could see her and get my will written. The Legal 500 2021 - Rayma Collins & Heather Dunlop Our services Conveyancing and residential property > Family law > Wills > Succession planning and asset protection > Probate > Contested wills, trusts and probate > Elderly and vulnerable client > Powers of attorney > Court of Protection > Trust management > French property and estates > Personal injury claims > Medical and clinical negligence claims > Employment law for employees > Bankruptcy > Our team Rayma Collins Partner & Head of Family Law Rayma Collins Partner & Head of Family Law Darren Philpot Partner & Head of Residential Property Darren Philpot Partner & Head of Residential Property Aaron Spencer Partner & Head of Private Client Aaron Spencer Partner & Head of Private Client Nicola August Partner & Head of Vulnerable Client Nicola August Partner & Head of Vulnerable Client Neille Ryan Partner & Head of Personal Injury Neille Ryan Partner & Head of Personal Injury SHOW Furley Page works in Partner-led teams of solicitors who advise across a wide area of legal specialisms. By taking time to get to know you and your needs, our lawyers provide expert legal advice to individuals, businesses and organisations. Find out how we can help you by giving us a call on: 0333 060 9899 Send us an email BACK TO TOP Careers
Offices
Sitemap
Cookies
Accessibility
Complaints
Payments Legal information LLP
Terms of website use
Acceptable use policy
Privacy policy 0333 331 9877 LinkedIn Twitter YouTube ©Furley Page LLP 2023