<iframe src="https://www.googletagmanager.com/ns.html?id=GTM-NSMHG3R"
height="0" width="0" style="display:none;visibility:hidden"></iframe> 0333 331 9877 Payments Legal services Our people Reviews About us News & Insights Contact us Our culture Search For you & your family Conveyancing and residential property Family law Wills Succession planning and asset protection Probate Contested wills, trusts and probate Elderly and vulnerable client Powers of attorney Court of Protection Trust management French property and estates Personal injury claims Medical and clinical negligence claims Employment law for employees Bankruptcy For business Corporate and commercial Real estate Dispute resolution Civil and commercial mediation Property disputes Employment law for employers Intellectual property rights E-commerce IT and information Insolvency Debt recovery Professional negligence Licensing Specialist sectors Agriculture and rural business Automotive Charities and not-for-profit Dentists Education Equine Food and drink Health and care Hospitality and leisure Manufacturing and distribution About us About Furley Page Our culture Our values History of Furley Page Organisations supported by Furley Page Furley Page Foundation Furley Page Foundation grant making policy Donate to Furley Page Foundation Careers Careers at Furley Page Working at Furley Page Furley Page work place benefits Vacancies Job application form Candidate privacy policy Trainee solicitors Trainee solicitors faqs Summer work placement scheme Summer work placement scheme faqs Home Legal services For you & your family For you & your family Conveyancing and residential property Family law Wills Succession planning and asset protection Probate Contested wills, trusts and probate Elderly and vulnerable client Powers of attorney Court of Protection Trust management French property and estates Personal injury claims Medical and clinical negligence claims Employment law for employees Bankruptcy For business For business Corporate and commercial Real estate Dispute resolution Civil and commercial mediation Property disputes Employment law for employers Intellectual property rights E-commerce IT and information Insolvency Debt recovery Professional negligence Licensing Specialist sectors Specialist sectors Agriculture and rural business Agriculture and rural business Sale and purchase of agriculture and rural property Agriculture tenancies Joint venture development projects Sporting rights over rural property Automotive Charities and not-for-profit Dentists Education Education Employment advice for the education sector Academy conversions Equine Equine Equine agreements Bringing and defending equine claims Food and drink Health and care Hospitality and leisure Manufacturing and distribution Our people Reviews About us About us About us About Furley Page Our culture Our values History of Furley Page Organisations supported by Furley Page Furley Page Foundation Furley Page Foundation grant making policy Donate to Furley Page Foundation Careers Careers Careers at Furley Page Working at Furley Page Furley Page work place benefits Vacancies Job application form Candidate privacy policy Trainee solicitors Trainee solicitors faqs Summer work placement scheme Summer work placement scheme faqs News & Insights Contact us Our culture Call us on 0333 331 9877 Email your enquiry Home / About us / Organisations supported by Furley Page Organisations supported by Furley Page For a law firm established in 1725, Furley Page has professional credentials which are second to none within the sector. But there is another side to Furley Page, our dedicated staff are part of the fabric of business and community life in the areas we serve. In this section About us Our culture Our values History of Furley Page Organisations supported by Furley Page Furley Page Foundation Furley Page Foundation grant making policy Donate to Furley Page Foundation Careers Pro-bono commitments
Many of Furley Page’s staff work closely with local charities and non-profit making bodies, some on a pro-bono or a reduced fee basis. Staff at our offices in Canterbury, Chatham and Whitstable give up their spare time to act as trustees or governors of schools, sports associations, museums, church groups and other community-based organisations.
The beneficiaries of this pro-bono support include the Kent Autistic Trust, Canterbury, Whitstable and Herne Bay Citizens Advice Bureau, Canterbury and District Angling Association, Canterbury Consortium of Almshouses, and Canterbury Food Bank.
Many Furley Page staff are also involved in the Kent Law Clinic, which is a partnership between students, academics and solicitors and barristers in practice. It not only provides a public service for people who need legal advice and representation but cannot afford to pay for it, but it also enhances the education of students in the Kent Law School through direct experience of legal practice.
Members of the team volunteer and run two ReEngage support groups in Herne Bay and Canterbury areas of East Kent.
How our lawyers helped the community during Covid-19 restrictions
A community volunteer group was set up by two of our lawyers and was praised for offering a ‘lifeline’ to vulnerable people in Kent during the lockdown. At the start of the lockdown Furley Page volunteers set up Call Companions, a telephone buddy system which offers companionship and support to elderly members of the community who need to self-isolate due to the coronavirus outbreak.
Seeing an opportunity to offer additional support, the group also started a shopping and prescription collection service. Volunteers from the group have carried out more than 350 shopping trips to provide vulnerable elderly people in the community with food, medicine and companionship. Sponsorship of business, community groups and charitable fundraising
There is a strong ethos of providing real ‘hands-on’ support for good causes and community projects, at Furley Page with staff participating in fundraising bike rides, fun runs, coffee mornings and more.
Charities supported by Furley Page through Furley Page Foundation include: Kent Autistic Trust
ReEngage
Catching Lives
Strode Park Foundation
The Young Lives Foundation
Pilgrims Hospices
Medway Street Angels
Hypo Hounds
The Canterbury Food Bank The Canterbury Food Bank – The Furley Page Charity of the Year 2023
Canterbury Food Bank began as a community project developed by a group of local churches in 2011, registering as a charity in August 2013.
Its vision is ‘Caring for local people in crisis’ and its charitable objectives are:
The prevention or relief of poverty or financial hardship in the Canterbury City Council district by: the provision of emergency food parcels, items, services and facilities to individuals in financial need.
contributing to and cooperating with charities and other organisations working to prevent or relieve poverty within the county of Kent. Canterbury Food Bank’s activities are delivered by a small staff team managing a large group of dedicated volunteers.
While the roots of the charity lie in its Christian beginnings, it now brings together staff and volunteers of all faiths and none to provide a vital service to people.
The charity provides three-day food parcels to individuals and families in short term financial crisis across Canterbury, Whitstable, Herne Bay and surrounding villages.
Their organisation has staff who have completed the ASIST (Applied Suicide Intervention Skills Training) program, which has equipped them with the skills and knowledge to provide suicide intervention support to individuals in crisis.
To find out more, visit their website: https://canterburyfoodbank.org/about-us/
The Furley Page Foundation
The Furley Page Foundation is a charitable incorporated organisation, Registered Charity number 1163007, which is responsible for managing all social responsibility programmes of Furley Page Solicitors. This includes fundraising for good causes and charities working for the benefit of people in Kent.
The Foundation has a Board of Trustees which is made up of Partners and elected staff representatives. The distribution of grants is decided by the Trustees and every year staff nominate a main charity which is supported by fundraising activities. By making use of our skills and expertise, our staff try to make a difference to the lives of people in our communities.
Sponsorships
Furley Page is a sponsor of Medway Business Awards. We also sponsor the best business law student and most improved business law student of the year at Kent Business School, University of Kent.
Furley Page financially supports The Marlowe Theatre, Canterbury. Our ongoing annual sponsorship has helped under privileged children gain access to the arts through bespoke drama courses. We sponsored the Furley Page Whitstable 10K 2022 and 2023 race. Other sponsorships include Lunchtime Concert series at the University of Kent Music department and we are benefactors of Canterbury Choral Society.
Join us
If you like the sound of Furley Page, join us. Visit our Careers page to find out more> How can we help you? Call us on 0333 331 9877 Email your enquiry You may also be interested in About us > Our culture > Our values > History of Furley Page > Organisations supported by Furley Page > Furley Page Foundation > BACK TO TOP Careers
Offices
Sitemap
Cookies
Accessibility
Complaints
Payments Legal information LLP
Terms of website use
Acceptable use policy
Privacy policy 0333 331 9877 LinkedIn Twitter YouTube ©Furley Page LLP 2023