<iframe src="https://www.googletagmanager.com/ns.html?id=GTM-NSMHG3R"
height="0" width="0" style="display:none;visibility:hidden"></iframe> 0333 331 9877 Payments Legal services Our people Reviews About us News & Insights Contact us Our culture Search For you & your family Conveyancing and residential property Family law Wills Succession planning and asset protection Probate Contested wills, trusts and probate Elderly and vulnerable client Powers of attorney Court of Protection Trust management French property and estates Personal injury claims Medical and clinical negligence claims Employment law for employees Bankruptcy For business Corporate and commercial Real estate Dispute resolution Civil and commercial mediation Property disputes Employment law for employers Intellectual property rights E-commerce IT and information Insolvency Debt recovery Professional negligence Licensing Specialist sectors Agriculture and rural business Automotive Charities and not-for-profit Dentists Education Equine Food and drink Health and care Hospitality and leisure Manufacturing and distribution About us About Furley Page Our culture Our values History of Furley Page Organisations supported by Furley Page Furley Page Foundation Furley Page Foundation grant making policy Donate to Furley Page Foundation Careers Careers at Furley Page Working at Furley Page Furley Page work place benefits Vacancies Job application form Candidate privacy policy Trainee solicitors Trainee solicitors faqs Summer work placement scheme Summer work placement scheme faqs Home Legal services For you & your family For you & your family Conveyancing and residential property Family law Wills Succession planning and asset protection Probate Contested wills, trusts and probate Elderly and vulnerable client Powers of attorney Court of Protection Trust management French property and estates Personal injury claims Medical and clinical negligence claims Employment law for employees Bankruptcy For business For business Corporate and commercial Real estate Dispute resolution Civil and commercial mediation Property disputes Employment law for employers Intellectual property rights E-commerce IT and information Insolvency Debt recovery Professional negligence Licensing Specialist sectors Specialist sectors Agriculture and rural business Agriculture and rural business Sale and purchase of agriculture and rural property Agriculture tenancies Joint venture development projects Sporting rights over rural property Automotive Charities and not-for-profit Dentists Education Education Employment advice for the education sector Academy conversions Equine Equine Equine agreements Bringing and defending equine claims Food and drink Health and care Hospitality and leisure Manufacturing and distribution Our people Reviews About us About us About us About Furley Page Our culture Our values History of Furley Page Organisations supported by Furley Page Furley Page Foundation Furley Page Foundation grant making policy Donate to Furley Page Foundation Careers Careers Careers at Furley Page Working at Furley Page Furley Page work place benefits Vacancies Job application form Candidate privacy policy Trainee solicitors Trainee solicitors faqs Summer work placement scheme Summer work placement scheme faqs News & Insights Contact us Our culture Call us on 0333 331 9877 Email your enquiry Home / Civil and commercial mediation Civil and commercial mediation What is mediation?
Civil and commercial mediation is a flexible and confidential process used to settle a dispute between two or more people, businesses or other organisations. What are the benefits of civil or commercial mediation? Civil and commercial mediation is a voluntary and confidential process.
Mediation can help preserve personal and business relationships. It is a process that focusses on communicating effectively with each other to find solutions that work for all.
Unlike in court, where the process is governed by the court’s rules and a judge makes an ultimate decision, in mediation the parties can decide how they want to resolve the dispute and neither party has to accept an outcome they are unhappy with. Mediation allows the parties to stay in control.
Civil or commercial mediation is generally much quicker and much less expensive than going to court. It can therefore be a far more efficient way of resolving disagreements.
Mediation provides a safe and supportive environment. The mediator will listen to all views, talking to you privately, and sometimes together with the other party, to help guide you through the process.
Mediation is confidential. Disputes that are taken to court, can become very public. A mediation is private between you and the other party. How long does civil or commercial mediation take?
Mediations will usually last between half a day and a full day, depending on the complexity of the situation.
Is mediation Compulsory?
No. Mediation is a voluntary process.
Is offering to mediate a sign of weakness?
No. You are always in control at mediation. You choose what information can be discussed with the other side, and you choose whether to settle and on what terms.
Who pays for the civil or commercial mediation?
Typically, both sides pay an equal share of the fee. We could not praise Jeremy enough for the support and guidance he gave to myself and my siblings throughout the entirety of our case. Messages and correspondence were relayed promptly, and everything was explained in understandable terms. We trusted his advice and guidance implicitly and this led to a very successful outcome. Client of Jeremy Ferris - JV September 2023 How can we help you? Call us on 0333 331 9877 Email your enquiry Choose Furley Page for civil and commercial mediation
Jeremy Ferris, Partner in our Dispute Resolution Team, is a trained mediator as well as being a practising solicitor for the past 20 years and (non-practising) chartered surveyor.
Telephone or email Jeremy Ferris if you would like to discuss how mediation might help you resolve your dispute. Key contacts Jeremy Ferris Partner & CEDR Accredited Mediator Jeremy Ferris Partner & CEDR Accredited Mediator Click here How can we help you? Call us on 0333 331 9877 Email your enquiry You may also be interested in Dispute resolution > Contested wills, trusts and probate > Disputed wills and mediation > Residential property disputes > Partnership disputes > Contract disputes > Commercial property disputes > Agricultural property disputes > Insolvency > BACK TO TOP Careers
Offices
Sitemap
Cookies
Accessibility
Complaints
Payments Legal information LLP
Terms of website use
Acceptable use policy
Privacy policy 0333 331 9877 LinkedIn Twitter YouTube ©Furley Page LLP 2023