<iframe src="https://www.googletagmanager.com/ns.html?id=GTM-NSMHG3R"
height="0" width="0" style="display:none;visibility:hidden"></iframe> 0333 331 9877 Payments Legal services Our people Reviews About us News & Insights Contact us Our culture Search For you & your family Conveyancing and residential property Family law Wills Succession planning and asset protection Probate Contested wills, trusts and probate Elderly and vulnerable client Powers of attorney Court of Protection Trust management French property and estates Personal injury claims Medical and clinical negligence claims Employment law for employees Bankruptcy For business Corporate and commercial Real estate Dispute resolution Civil and commercial mediation Property disputes Employment law for employers Intellectual property rights E-commerce IT and information Insolvency Debt recovery Professional negligence Licensing Specialist sectors Agriculture and rural business Automotive Charities and not-for-profit Dentists Education Equine Food and drink Health and care Hospitality and leisure Manufacturing and distribution About us About Furley Page Our culture Our values History of Furley Page Organisations supported by Furley Page Furley Page Foundation Furley Page Foundation grant making policy Donate to Furley Page Foundation Careers Careers at Furley Page Working at Furley Page Furley Page work place benefits Vacancies Job application form Candidate privacy policy Trainee solicitors Trainee solicitors faqs Summer work placement scheme Summer work placement scheme faqs Home Legal services For you & your family For you & your family Conveyancing and residential property Family law Wills Succession planning and asset protection Probate Contested wills, trusts and probate Elderly and vulnerable client Powers of attorney Court of Protection Trust management French property and estates Personal injury claims Medical and clinical negligence claims Employment law for employees Bankruptcy For business For business Corporate and commercial Real estate Dispute resolution Civil and commercial mediation Property disputes Employment law for employers Intellectual property rights E-commerce IT and information Insolvency Debt recovery Professional negligence Licensing Specialist sectors Specialist sectors Agriculture and rural business Agriculture and rural business Sale and purchase of agriculture and rural property Agriculture tenancies Joint venture development projects Sporting rights over rural property Automotive Charities and not-for-profit Dentists Education Education Employment advice for the education sector Academy conversions Equine Equine Equine agreements Bringing and defending equine claims Food and drink Health and care Hospitality and leisure Manufacturing and distribution Our people Reviews About us About us About us About Furley Page Our culture Our values History of Furley Page Organisations supported by Furley Page Furley Page Foundation Furley Page Foundation grant making policy Donate to Furley Page Foundation Careers Careers Careers at Furley Page Working at Furley Page Furley Page work place benefits Vacancies Job application form Candidate privacy policy Trainee solicitors Trainee solicitors faqs Summer work placement scheme Summer work placement scheme faqs News & Insights Contact us Our culture Call us on 0333 331 9877 Email your enquiry Home / For you & your family / Family law Family law Family breakdown and divorce is often the first time many people will have needed to contact a solicitor. In most cases, this will be a very emotional and distressing time for the whole family.
Our specialist family law solicitors will quickly identify the issues in your specific circumstances and together with our dedicated support team, will work with you to overcome all the challenges you will face. Family law services Family law Divorce Divorce and financial provision Divorce procedure Children Procedure in cases about children Removing children from jurisdiction Alternatives to divorce Family law mediation Collaborative law Civil partnership dissolution and same sex divorce Unmarried couples – disputes and cohabitation agreements Pre-nuptial and post nuptial agreements When you face a relationship breakdown, we help you plan your future by taking a long term view and our team of specialist family solicitors will concentrate on what is best for you and your family.
Experts in family law and divorce
Furley Page offers a wide range of family law services.
Divorce can affect many aspects of life including family businesses, partnerships or trusts, all of which our specialist family lawyers will advise on.
Where appropriate we will ensure a bespoke team of family law experts (both in-house and external) are put in place to cover every issue.
Our areas of expertise in family law and divorce is wide ranging and includes: Pensions following divorce, including public sector pensions
Financial agreements
Dealing with the family home
Family trusts
Family managed companies and partnerships
Child contact arrangements and specific child related issues
Domestic violence – protective remedies and assistance
Unmarried couples – cohabitation disputes
Agreements before marriage (Pre-nuptial) and after marriage (Post-nuptial)
Dispute resolution
Collaborative law Online family law advice
You can start your request for family law advice about your relationship breakdown at a time to suit you by using the Furley Page online tool. Click on the link below to start your enquiry and request an appointment with one of our divorce lawyers to discuss your options.
We can meet with you at one of our offices in Canterbury, Chatham or Whitstable or hold a virtual or telephone consultation. GET STARTED ONLINE - FOR FAMILY LAW ADVICE, COMPLETE OUR CONVENIENT ONLINE SYSTEM AT A TIME TO SUIT YOU > Family law services Divorce > Divorce and financial provision > Divorce procedure > Children > Procedure in cases about children > Removing children from jurisdiction > Alternatives to divorce > Family law mediation > Collaborative law > Civil partnership dissolution and same sex divorce > Unmarried couples - disputes and cohabitation agreements > Pre-nuptial and post nuptial agreements > This is a highly experienced specialist team ... Their knowledge and expertise is excellent in specialist matters...
Furley Page has collaborative lawyers who can handle all areas of private finance and children law. Chambers UK 2023 - Family law team October 2022 How can we help you? Call us on 0333 331 9877 Email your enquiry Why choose Furley Page for advice on divorce and relationship breakdown
Choosing the right solicitor is an important step when experiencing family breakdown ordivorce.
At Furley Page we have many years of experience and are frequently recommended by past clients and other solicitors. Our large team of divorce solicitors ensures you will always be supported and we pride ourselves on delivering an exceptionally high level of service to our clients.
Members of the team have extensive experience in pensions following divorce, including public sector funds such as Police, NHS and Teachers’ pensions. Rayma Collins and Naomi Hayward are specialist Collaborative Lawyers.
Our family lawyers are all members of Resolution. Resolution’s family lawyers are committed to the constructive resolution of family disputes. Members follow a Code of Practice that promotes a non-confrontational approach to family problems. Members encourage solutions that consider the needs of the whole family – and in particular the best interests of children. We can meet with you at one of our offices in Canterbury, Chatham or Whitstable or hold a virtual or telephone consultation.
Free initial telephone consultation with a divorce solicitor
To ensure we are the right solicitors for you, we are happy to offer a free initial telephone consultation to any prospective clients. Contact Rayma Collins to find out how we can help you. Key contacts Rayma Collins Partner & Head of Family Law Rayma Collins Partner & Head of Family Law Naomi Hayward Partner & Collaborative Lawyer Naomi Hayward Partner & Collaborative Lawyer Meet the team Our team accreditations For no obligation family law advice, use our convenient online system at a time to suit you. Available 24/7 > Family law services Family law > Divorce > Divorce and financial provision > Divorce procedure > Children > Procedure in cases about children > Removing children from jurisdiction > Alternatives to divorce > Family law mediation > Collaborative law > Civil partnership dissolution and same sex divorce > Unmarried couples - disputes and cohabitation agreements > Pre-nuptial and post nuptial agreements > Related news & events Child arrangements and the impending summer holidays… > What happens when pets are caught in the middle of relationship breakdown? > Concerns that the Johnny Depp - Amber Heard trial might discourage domestic abuse victims from seeking help > No fault divorce – a simpler system but do I still need a lawyer? Yes! > Key features of new ‘no fault’ divorce law explained > 50 years in the making - No fault divorce reform finally implemented > You may also be interested in Wills > Succession planning and asset protection > Conveyancing and residential property > French property transfers on divorce > How can we help you? Call us on 0333 331 9877 Email your enquiry BACK TO TOP Careers
Offices
Sitemap
Cookies
Accessibility
Complaints
Payments Legal information LLP
Terms of website use
Acceptable use policy
Privacy policy 0333 331 9877 LinkedIn Twitter YouTube ©Furley Page LLP 2023