<iframe src="https://www.googletagmanager.com/ns.html?id=GTM-NSMHG3R"
height="0" width="0" style="display:none;visibility:hidden"></iframe> 0333 331 9877 Payments Legal services Our people Reviews About us News & Insights Contact us Our culture Search For you & your family Conveyancing and residential property Family law Wills Succession planning and asset protection Probate Contested wills, trusts and probate Elderly and vulnerable client Powers of attorney Court of Protection Trust management French property and estates Personal injury claims Medical and clinical negligence claims Employment law for employees Bankruptcy For business Corporate and commercial Real estate Dispute resolution Civil and commercial mediation Property disputes Employment law for employers Intellectual property rights E-commerce IT and information Insolvency Debt recovery Professional negligence Licensing Specialist sectors Agriculture and rural business Automotive Charities and not-for-profit Dentists Education Equine Food and drink Health and care Hospitality and leisure Manufacturing and distribution About us About Furley Page Our culture Our values History of Furley Page Organisations supported by Furley Page Furley Page Foundation Furley Page Foundation grant making policy Donate to Furley Page Foundation Careers Careers at Furley Page Working at Furley Page Furley Page work place benefits Vacancies Job application form Candidate privacy policy Trainee solicitors Trainee solicitors faqs Summer work placement scheme Summer work placement scheme faqs Home Legal services For you & your family For you & your family Conveyancing and residential property Family law Wills Succession planning and asset protection Probate Contested wills, trusts and probate Elderly and vulnerable client Powers of attorney Court of Protection Trust management French property and estates Personal injury claims Medical and clinical negligence claims Employment law for employees Bankruptcy For business For business Corporate and commercial Real estate Dispute resolution Civil and commercial mediation Property disputes Employment law for employers Intellectual property rights E-commerce IT and information Insolvency Debt recovery Professional negligence Licensing Specialist sectors Specialist sectors Agriculture and rural business Agriculture and rural business Sale and purchase of agriculture and rural property Agriculture tenancies Joint venture development projects Sporting rights over rural property Automotive Charities and not-for-profit Dentists Education Education Employment advice for the education sector Academy conversions Equine Equine Equine agreements Bringing and defending equine claims Food and drink Health and care Hospitality and leisure Manufacturing and distribution Our people Reviews About us About us About us About Furley Page Our culture Our values History of Furley Page Organisations supported by Furley Page Furley Page Foundation Furley Page Foundation grant making policy Donate to Furley Page Foundation Careers Careers Careers at Furley Page Working at Furley Page Furley Page work place benefits Vacancies Job application form Candidate privacy policy Trainee solicitors Trainee solicitors faqs Summer work placement scheme Summer work placement scheme faqs News & Insights Contact us Our culture Call us on 0333 331 9877 Email your enquiry Home / Locations / Chatham office Chatham office Chatham office Admiral’s Offices
Main Gate Road
The Historic Dockyard
Chatham
ME4 4TZ Telephone 01634 828277 Fax 01634 830056 DX 131400 Rochester 2 Email the office Map and Directions By Car
From London, M2, Junction 1 and from Dover, M2, Junction 4 : Follow the A289 to the Medway Tunnel. At the tunnel, follow signs to Chatham and the Historic Dockyard.
Either enter by the main Visitors Entrance or follow Dock Road (A231) round the to the Main Gate Entrance.
Entering Chatham Town Centre from M2 and M20 : From Maidstone, Junction 3 of the M2 and the M20, follow A229/A230 for Chatham town centre and tourist signs for Historic Dockyard and Chatham Maritime.
Pick up Dock Road (A231) enter by either the Main Gate Entrance, through a manned barrier or follow the road round to the Visitors Entrance.
By Rail
By rail there is a regular train service to Chatham Station from London, surrounding districts and Dover Priory.
Entrance to The Historic Dockyard, Chatham
The entrance to The Historic Dockyard is through a manned barrier. You will be directed to free parking on arrival. Follow the road round into the dockyard, Furley Page office is in the Admiral’s Offices, opposite the helipad car park. Solicitors in Chatham
Furley Page is a leading law firm based in Kent. Our solicitors provide legal advice and exceptional service to both individuals and business clients in Chatham and the surrounding areas. We also have offices located in Canterbury and Whitstable.
Our Chatham office is based in fascinating surroundings at the Admiral’s Offices in The Historic Dockyard, Chatham. A potential World Heritage Site, The Historic Dockyard, including most of St Mary’s Island, is now known as Chatham Maritime. Furley Page Chatham office is as an ideal base from which we service a wide range of commercial clients throughout the Thames Gateway corridor, Kent and Medway and up towards London.
The full range of our legal services are available from our Chatham office. Fully equipped with state of the art technology, our legal teams at all our offices can connect with each other seamlessly.
Legal teams based at our Thames Gateway Chatham office are Corporate and commercial, Commercial property, Employment, Personal injury, Family law, Elderly and vulnerable client.
The Historic Dockyard is easily accessible for visitors and has ample free parking.
To enter the Historic Dockyard either go through the manned barrier from the Dock Road (A231) or use the main Visitors Entrance at the opposite end of the site.
Meeting in London
We also offer flexible meeting room space across several London locations. To find out more speak to your lawyer when making an appointment. Other offices Whitstable office Telephone 01227 274241 Full details Canterbury office Telephone 01227 763939 Full details BACK TO TOP Careers
Offices
Sitemap
Cookies
Accessibility
Complaints
Payments Legal information LLP
Terms of website use
Acceptable use policy
Privacy policy 0333 331 9877 LinkedIn Twitter YouTube ©Furley Page LLP 2023