<iframe src="https://www.googletagmanager.com/ns.html?id=GTM-NSMHG3R"
height="0" width="0" style="display:none;visibility:hidden"></iframe> 0333 331 9877 Payments Legal services Our people Reviews About us News & Insights Contact us Our culture Search For you & your family Conveyancing and residential property Family law Wills Succession planning and asset protection Probate Contested wills, trusts and probate Elderly and vulnerable client Powers of attorney Court of Protection Trust management French property and estates Personal injury claims Medical and clinical negligence claims Employment law for employees Bankruptcy For business Corporate and commercial Real estate Dispute resolution Civil and commercial mediation Property disputes Employment law for employers Intellectual property rights E-commerce IT and information Insolvency Debt recovery Professional negligence Licensing Specialist sectors Agriculture and rural business Automotive Charities and not-for-profit Dentists Education Equine Food and drink Health and care Hospitality and leisure Manufacturing and distribution About us About Furley Page Our culture Our values History of Furley Page Organisations supported by Furley Page Furley Page Foundation Furley Page Foundation grant making policy Donate to Furley Page Foundation Careers Careers at Furley Page Working at Furley Page Furley Page work place benefits Vacancies Job application form Candidate privacy policy Trainee solicitors Trainee solicitors faqs Summer work placement scheme Summer work placement scheme faqs Home Legal services For you & your family For you & your family Conveyancing and residential property Family law Wills Succession planning and asset protection Probate Contested wills, trusts and probate Elderly and vulnerable client Powers of attorney Court of Protection Trust management French property and estates Personal injury claims Medical and clinical negligence claims Employment law for employees Bankruptcy For business For business Corporate and commercial Real estate Dispute resolution Civil and commercial mediation Property disputes Employment law for employers Intellectual property rights E-commerce IT and information Insolvency Debt recovery Professional negligence Licensing Specialist sectors Specialist sectors Agriculture and rural business Agriculture and rural business Sale and purchase of agriculture and rural property Agriculture tenancies Joint venture development projects Sporting rights over rural property Automotive Charities and not-for-profit Dentists Education Education Employment advice for the education sector Academy conversions Equine Equine Equine agreements Bringing and defending equine claims Food and drink Health and care Hospitality and leisure Manufacturing and distribution Our people Reviews About us About us About us About Furley Page Our culture Our values History of Furley Page Organisations supported by Furley Page Furley Page Foundation Furley Page Foundation grant making policy Donate to Furley Page Foundation Careers Careers Careers at Furley Page Working at Furley Page Furley Page work place benefits Vacancies Job application form Candidate privacy policy Trainee solicitors Trainee solicitors faqs Summer work placement scheme Summer work placement scheme faqs News & Insights Contact us Our culture Call us on 0333 331 9877 Email your enquiry Home / Reviews Reviews We could not praise Jeremy enough for the support and guidance he gave to myself and my siblings throughout the entirety of our case. Messages and correspondence were relayed promptly, and everything was explained in understandable terms. We trusted his advice and guidance implicitly and this led to a very successful outcome. Client of Jeremy Ferris - JV September 2023 Rachael Stibbe was very good in what she succeeded for me and most helpful all the time. A good outcome in the end. The receptionists in Furley Page were very good with communicating with Rachael, I would recommend that people use you to fight a case. She did succeed in the end. Very happy although it took just under 2 years to win my case Rachael kept going and did not give up and in the end we won. Great result, Rachael could not have done anymore brilliant. Client of Rachael Stibbe - Mrs J September 2023 Thank you, Laura, for everything you have done for me. I’m sure I wasn’t always easy to deal with. I have appreciated your patience throughout such an awful time and I’m so happy that it is now over. Thank you. I will always recommend both you and Furley Page. Client of Laura Sinclair - Mrs B from Minster September 2023 We could not praise Jeremy enough for the support and guidance he gave to myself and my siblings throughout the entirety of our case. Messages and correspondence were relayed promptly, and everything was explained in understandable terms. We trusted his advice and guidance implicitly and this led to a very successful outcome. Client of Jeremy Ferris - JV September 2023 Abigail kept me informed totally; she explained things so I could understand them. A very professional young lady, a credit to your firm. Client of Abigail Barlett - Mrs S of Canterbury September 2023 I have been absolutely delighted with the help and kindness I have received from Kelly as regards my claim. I would certainly recommend your services to others. I don’t think your service needs improvement at all, it is brilliant already. A big thank you from me. Client of Kelly Richardson - Linda's feedback on service September 2023 The service I received was absolutely amazing. Kelly Richardson was very professional. Would recommend Furley Page for a great service. (Testimonial taken from Review Solicitors website.) Client of Kelly Richardson - Linda September 2023 Load more BACK TO TOP Careers
Offices
Sitemap
Cookies
Accessibility
Complaints
Payments Legal information LLP
Terms of website use
Acceptable use policy
Privacy policy 0333 331 9877 LinkedIn Twitter YouTube ©Furley Page LLP 2023