<iframe src="https://www.googletagmanager.com/ns.html?id=GTM-NSMHG3R"
height="0" width="0" style="display:none;visibility:hidden"></iframe> 0333 331 9877 Payments Legal services Our people Reviews About us News & Insights Contact us Our culture Search For you & your family Conveyancing and residential property Family law Wills Succession planning and asset protection Probate Contested wills, trusts and probate Elderly and vulnerable client Powers of attorney Court of Protection Trust management French property and estates Personal injury claims Medical and clinical negligence claims Employment law for employees Bankruptcy For business Corporate and commercial Real estate Dispute resolution Civil and commercial mediation Property disputes Employment law for employers Intellectual property rights E-commerce IT and information Insolvency Debt recovery Professional negligence Licensing Specialist sectors Agriculture and rural business Automotive Charities and not-for-profit Dentists Education Equine Food and drink Health and care Hospitality and leisure Manufacturing and distribution About us About Furley Page Our culture Our values History of Furley Page Organisations supported by Furley Page Furley Page Foundation Furley Page Foundation grant making policy Donate to Furley Page Foundation Careers Careers at Furley Page Working at Furley Page Furley Page work place benefits Vacancies Job application form Candidate privacy policy Trainee solicitors Trainee solicitors faqs Summer work placement scheme Summer work placement scheme faqs Home Legal services For you & your family For you & your family Conveyancing and residential property Family law Wills Succession planning and asset protection Probate Contested wills, trusts and probate Elderly and vulnerable client Powers of attorney Court of Protection Trust management French property and estates Personal injury claims Medical and clinical negligence claims Employment law for employees Bankruptcy For business For business Corporate and commercial Real estate Dispute resolution Civil and commercial mediation Property disputes Employment law for employers Intellectual property rights E-commerce IT and information Insolvency Debt recovery Professional negligence Licensing Specialist sectors Specialist sectors Agriculture and rural business Agriculture and rural business Sale and purchase of agriculture and rural property Agriculture tenancies Joint venture development projects Sporting rights over rural property Automotive Charities and not-for-profit Dentists Education Education Employment advice for the education sector Academy conversions Equine Equine Equine agreements Bringing and defending equine claims Food and drink Health and care Hospitality and leisure Manufacturing and distribution Our people Reviews About us About us About us About Furley Page Our culture Our values History of Furley Page Organisations supported by Furley Page Furley Page Foundation Furley Page Foundation grant making policy Donate to Furley Page Foundation Careers Careers Careers at Furley Page Working at Furley Page Furley Page work place benefits Vacancies Job application form Candidate privacy policy Trainee solicitors Trainee solicitors faqs Summer work placement scheme Summer work placement scheme faqs News & Insights Contact us Our culture Call us on 0333 331 9877 Email your enquiry Home / Locations / Canterbury office Canterbury office Canterbury office 39 St. Margaret’s Street
Canterbury
Kent
CT1 2TX Telephone 01227 763939 Fax 01227 762829 DX 5301 Canterbury Email the office Map and Directions By car
Canterbury is within easy reach of London, the Channel Tunnel and Ashford International.
From London: A2 / M2 or M20 coast bound, follow signs for Canterbury. From M2 take A2 signposted Canterbury. On A2 take A28 / A2050 exit, follow A2050 Rheims Way to Canterbury city centre.
From Dover: A2 Canterbury, then take A28 to Canterbury city centre.
Where to park in Canterbury
Canterbury City Centre is well served by a number of public car parks very close to our office in St Margaret’s Street.
For information about parking in Canterbury, visit Canterbury city council website https://www.canterbury.gov.uk/ under ‘Parking and roads’ search ‘find somewhere to park’.
By Rail
Canterbury West is just under one hour from London using London St Pancras High Speed Rail Link. St Pancras is a convenient centrally-located station, it has more Tube connections than any other London overground station. Canterbury West station is a twelve minute walk from our office. Canterbury East is served by London Victoria and goes to Dover, it is a seven minute walk from our office. Solicitors in Canterbury
Furley Page is a leading law firm based in Kent. Our solicitors provide legal advice and exceptional service to both individuals and business clients in Canterbury and the surrounding areas. We also have offices located in Chatham and Whitstable.
Our Canterbury offices are situated on deceptively large site spread across several, elegant Georgian buildings in the centre of the historic city, near to Canterbury Cathedral. Our Canterbury office is the head office and houses nearly one hundred staff.
We have wheelchair access as well as ground floor meeting rooms. Fully equipped with state of the art technology, our legal teams at all our offices can connect with each other seamlessly. All our legal services are available from our Canterbury office.
The legal teams advising individuals at Canterbury are: Private client, Wills, Succession planning and asset protection, Probate, Trust management, Elderly and vulnerable client, Powers of attorney, Court of Protection, Contested wills, trusts and probate, Residential property, Family law, Personal injury and French property. The legal teams advising businesses and organisations at Canterbury are Real estate, Property disputes, Employment, Dispute resolution, Agriculture and rural business and charities. All teams work across all three offices.
Meetings in London
We also offer flexible meeting room space across several London locations. To find out more speak to your lawyer when making an appointment. Other offices Whitstable office Telephone 01227 274241 Full details Chatham office Telephone 01634 828277 Full details BACK TO TOP Careers
Offices
Sitemap
Cookies
Accessibility
Complaints
Payments Legal information LLP
Terms of website use
Acceptable use policy
Privacy policy 0333 331 9877 LinkedIn Twitter YouTube ©Furley Page LLP 2023