<iframe src="https://www.googletagmanager.com/ns.html?id=GTM-NSMHG3R"
height="0" width="0" style="display:none;visibility:hidden"></iframe> 0333 331 9877 Payments Legal services Our people Reviews About us News & Insights Contact us Our culture Search For you & your family Conveyancing and residential property Family law Wills Succession planning and asset protection Probate Contested wills, trusts and probate Elderly and vulnerable client Powers of attorney Court of Protection Trust management French property and estates Personal injury claims Medical and clinical negligence claims Employment law for employees Bankruptcy For business Corporate and commercial Real estate Dispute resolution Civil and commercial mediation Property disputes Employment law for employers Intellectual property rights E-commerce IT and information Insolvency Debt recovery Professional negligence Licensing Specialist sectors Agriculture and rural business Automotive Charities and not-for-profit Dentists Education Equine Food and drink Health and care Hospitality and leisure Manufacturing and distribution About us About Furley Page Our culture Our values History of Furley Page Organisations supported by Furley Page Furley Page Foundation Furley Page Foundation grant making policy Donate to Furley Page Foundation Careers Careers at Furley Page Working at Furley Page Furley Page work place benefits Vacancies Job application form Candidate privacy policy Trainee solicitors Trainee solicitors faqs Summer work placement scheme Summer work placement scheme faqs Home Legal services For you & your family For you & your family Conveyancing and residential property Family law Wills Succession planning and asset protection Probate Contested wills, trusts and probate Elderly and vulnerable client Powers of attorney Court of Protection Trust management French property and estates Personal injury claims Medical and clinical negligence claims Employment law for employees Bankruptcy For business For business Corporate and commercial Real estate Dispute resolution Civil and commercial mediation Property disputes Employment law for employers Intellectual property rights E-commerce IT and information Insolvency Debt recovery Professional negligence Licensing Specialist sectors Specialist sectors Agriculture and rural business Agriculture and rural business Sale and purchase of agriculture and rural property Agriculture tenancies Joint venture development projects Sporting rights over rural property Automotive Charities and not-for-profit Dentists Education Education Employment advice for the education sector Academy conversions Equine Equine Equine agreements Bringing and defending equine claims Food and drink Health and care Hospitality and leisure Manufacturing and distribution Our people Reviews About us About us About us About Furley Page Our culture Our values History of Furley Page Organisations supported by Furley Page Furley Page Foundation Furley Page Foundation grant making policy Donate to Furley Page Foundation Careers Careers Careers at Furley Page Working at Furley Page Furley Page work place benefits Vacancies Job application form Candidate privacy policy Trainee solicitors Trainee solicitors faqs Summer work placement scheme Summer work placement scheme faqs News & Insights Contact us Our culture Call us on 0333 331 9877 Email your enquiry Home / For you & your family / Personal injury claims Personal injury claims If you have suffered an accident or an illness which was someone else’s fault, choose qualified lawyers to manage your claim.
Our Personal Injury solicitors are well-versed in handling all types of compensation claims. What’s more, clients and other lawyers rank us amongst the best personal injury teams in Kent. Personal injury claims services Personal injury claims No win – no fee injury claims explained Road traffic accidents – Compensation claims Head injury claims Accident claims – Slip and trip injury compensation Accidents in shops Accidents at work claims Accidents involving horses Industrial disease claims Work-related Covid-19 claims Personal injury claims – FAQs Personal injury claims involve expert knowledge of the law, your legal rights, the legal process and funding, including ‘No win no fee’.
We provide detailed investigation of all options for funding your accident claim.
Personal injury claims services
We offer a free initial consultation to discuss your claim with you. After we have considered all avenues, we will provide you with comprehensive advice about the best way for you to proceed.
We can help you with: Road Traffic Accidents compensation claims, including accidents with foreign drivers
Traumatic brain injury claims
Serious spinal cord injury claims
Fatal accident claims
Accident claims – slip and trip injury compensations
Accidents in shops
Accidents at work claims
Industrial disease claims
Compensation claims from injuries involving animals, such as horses or dog attacks
Accidents at sea
Sports injury claims
Hypermobility claims
Psychiatric claims
Criminal Injuries Compensation Authority claims
Product liability claims
Professional negligence (personal injury claims) We understand the worries injuries can cause and will do our best to relieve you of your concerns. If necessary, we can travel to see you at home or in hospital.
We always give advice in clear, straightforward English and will provide you with a direct dial number so you deal with us personally. Our initial discussion about your compensation claim is always given for free. Personal injury claims services No win – no fee injury claims explained > Road traffic accidents – Compensation claims > Head injury claims > Accident claims – Slip and trip injury compensation > Accidents in shops > Accidents at work claims > Accidents involving horses > Industrial disease claims > Work-related Covid-19 claims > Personal injury claims – FAQs > Furley Page are a very professional company. Ross Rowland did everything he could with my claim and more. On the ball with everything to a tee. Kept me updated of any changes, letter and communications with the other side. Very easy to talk to and a big help in my time of need. It was a long 5 years but I could not fault Ross at all. This man changed my life and I’m very grateful. Client of Ross Rowland - Mr S of Rochester March 2023 How can we help you? Call us on 0333 331 9877 Email your enquiry Choose Furley Page’s legal experts for compensation claims
Our Personal Injury team is ranked in Chambers UK and the Legal 500 – independent guides to the legal profession. So you can be sure you are being advised by personal injury legal experts. Head of team, Neille Ryan is listed on Headway as an expert in providing legal advice on head injury and brain injury compensation claims.
Furley Page is an accredited APIL practice. Our personal injury lawyers are professionally accredited and have satisfied comprehensive criteria in managing personal injury claims.
We treat all our clients equally and try our hardest for everyone – whether you recover in a few weeks, or have suffered injuries which will affect you for life. We work at your pace – whether you want to try and settle your claim quickly, or take your time because of continuing problems with your injuries.
Our initial discussion about your compensation claim is always given for free.
For further information about our services contact Neille Ryan or speak to a member of our Personal Injury team. Key contacts Neille Ryan Partner & Head of Personal Injury Neille Ryan Partner & Head of Personal Injury Ross Rowland Senior Associate Ross Rowland Senior Associate Meet the team Our team accreditations Personal injury claims services Personal injury claims > No win – no fee injury claims explained > Road traffic accidents – Compensation claims > Head injury claims > Accident claims – Slip and trip injury compensation > Accidents in shops > Accidents at work claims > Accidents involving horses > Industrial disease claims > Work-related Covid-19 claims > Personal injury claims – FAQs > Related news & events Notable personal injury cases resolved by Neille Ryan > Notable personal injury cases resolved by Ross Rowland > Claim compensation for injuries caused by dogs > Solicitor warns men are five times as likely to die in road traffic accidents in Kent > Fatal Accident Claims > Fatal accident claims - what you need to know > Damages for bereavement > Lawyers welcome new legislation to protect consumers from harmful unregulated cosmetic procedures > E-Scooters – What you need to know about the law before you buy one for Christmas > New Highway Code rules should go further to protect the vulnerable says lawyer > What are the new changes to the Highway Code? > What can I do if I am hit by an uninsured or untraced ‘hit and run’ driver? > Following a car accident do you use a courtesy car or credit hire car? Pitfalls to avoid > E-Scooters – Do you know the law? > Compensation for Hypermobility Syndrome sufferers > New rules governing claims for road traffic whiplash injuries > Increases in value of the limit of small claims > You may also be interested in Medical and clinical negligence claims > Professional negligence > How can we help you? Call us on 0333 331 9877 Email your enquiry BACK TO TOP Careers
Offices
Sitemap
Cookies
Accessibility
Complaints
Payments Legal information LLP
Terms of website use
Acceptable use policy
Privacy policy 0333 331 9877 LinkedIn Twitter YouTube ©Furley Page LLP 2023