<iframe src="https://www.googletagmanager.com/ns.html?id=GTM-NSMHG3R"
height="0" width="0" style="display:none;visibility:hidden"></iframe> 0333 331 9877 Payments Legal services Our people Reviews About us News & Insights Contact us Our culture Search For you & your family Conveyancing and residential property Family law Wills Succession planning and asset protection Probate Contested wills, trusts and probate Elderly and vulnerable client Powers of attorney Court of Protection Trust management French property and estates Personal injury claims Medical and clinical negligence claims Employment law for employees Bankruptcy For business Corporate and commercial Real estate Dispute resolution Civil and commercial mediation Property disputes Employment law for employers Intellectual property rights E-commerce IT and information Insolvency Debt recovery Professional negligence Licensing Specialist sectors Agriculture and rural business Automotive Charities and not-for-profit Dentists Education Equine Food and drink Health and care Hospitality and leisure Manufacturing and distribution About us About Furley Page Our culture Our values History of Furley Page Organisations supported by Furley Page Furley Page Foundation Furley Page Foundation grant making policy Donate to Furley Page Foundation Careers Careers at Furley Page Working at Furley Page Furley Page work place benefits Vacancies Job application form Candidate privacy policy Trainee solicitors Trainee solicitors faqs Summer work placement scheme Summer work placement scheme faqs Home Legal services For you & your family For you & your family Conveyancing and residential property Family law Wills Succession planning and asset protection Probate Contested wills, trusts and probate Elderly and vulnerable client Powers of attorney Court of Protection Trust management French property and estates Personal injury claims Medical and clinical negligence claims Employment law for employees Bankruptcy For business For business Corporate and commercial Real estate Dispute resolution Civil and commercial mediation Property disputes Employment law for employers Intellectual property rights E-commerce IT and information Insolvency Debt recovery Professional negligence Licensing Specialist sectors Specialist sectors Agriculture and rural business Agriculture and rural business Sale and purchase of agriculture and rural property Agriculture tenancies Joint venture development projects Sporting rights over rural property Automotive Charities and not-for-profit Dentists Education Education Employment advice for the education sector Academy conversions Equine Equine Equine agreements Bringing and defending equine claims Food and drink Health and care Hospitality and leisure Manufacturing and distribution Our people Reviews About us About us About us About Furley Page Our culture Our values History of Furley Page Organisations supported by Furley Page Furley Page Foundation Furley Page Foundation grant making policy Donate to Furley Page Foundation Careers Careers Careers at Furley Page Working at Furley Page Furley Page work place benefits Vacancies Job application form Candidate privacy policy Trainee solicitors Trainee solicitors faqs Summer work placement scheme Summer work placement scheme faqs News & Insights Contact us Our culture Call us on 0333 331 9877 Email your enquiry Home / For you & your family / Probate Probate Events following a bereavement can be overwhelming. If you have been appointed as a personal representative (executor or administrator) to wind up someone’s estate, you will be faced with some important responsibilities.
We can help take away some of the administrative burdens of probate and give you one less thing to worry about.
We offer a free one hour consultation to help you decide which of our Probate services is right for you. Probate services to suit your needs
The role of an executor or personal representative can be a difficult one and leave you open to personal liability, but we can guide you through the probate maze and help you manage the risks involved.
We offer our clients three levels of service: Probate, Probate Select and Probate Premium.
Following our free one hour consultation about probate matters we will help you decide which level of service is right for your needs.
Probate
We will look at the nature and value of the assets and agree a fixed fee to obtain probate. You collate the financial information
We complete and submit the relevant Inheritance Tax Return
We prepare paperwork to obtain Probate and make an application to the Probate Registry on your behalf
We hand matters back to you to complete the administration Probate Select
Probate Select service allows you to choose from a list of tasks which of those you would like Furley Page to undertake on your behalf, and which tasks you wish to administer yourself.
We agree a plan to administer the estate from start to finish and provide a detailed estimate of costs once the package has been agreed.
Probate Premium
Probate Premium is our complete service. It enables you to hand over all the work to us.
We will report to you throughout and ensure you fulfil your responsibilities. We will give you a detailed estimate of the costs at the outset and manage the entire process to make sure you free of risk and the estate is administered correctly.
Using our Probate Premium service, the tasks we will complete for you are: Meet with you to ascertain assets and liabilities of the estate
Obtain valuations
Prepare schedule of assets and liabilities
Prepare HMRC Inheritance Tax Return
Prepare legal Probate statement
Apply for and obtain appropriate Probate Certificate
Arrange to settle Inheritance Tax and negotiate tax clearance with HMRC
Register the Probate Certificate
Gather assets, arrange to pay liabilities
Pay bequests
Prepare and submit Income Tax Returns from the date of death
Prepare estate accounts
Arrange distributions to beneficiaries
Transfer assets and advise about any continuing Trusts The crucial difference between Furley Page and other firms is their client rapport. Phone calls are followed through and emails answered promptly. The Legal 500 2023 - Private client team October 2022 How can we help you? Call us on 0333 331 9877 Email your enquiry Choose Furley Page as your probate solicitors
Furley Page has an extensive history of helping families at difficult times and our specialist team is recommended by The Legal 500 for their expertise. Our technical skills are recognised the Society of Trust and Estate Practitioners STEP. Our service is professional, friendly and value for money.
We offer a free one hour consultation to help you decide which probate service is right for you.
Covid-19 secure meetings
Face to face meetings are available in our office and we do our best to make the meeting as safe as possible with Covid in mind. But we are happy to visit you in your own home, or at a hospice or hospital. Visits will be arranged in a Covid-19 secure way following Government guidelines.
Contact Aaron Spencer or Melanie Christodoulou to find out how we can help you. Fee guidance
All work is supervised by a Partner. For information and guidance on fees for probate work carried out by Furley Page download our easy-to-use pdf > Key contacts Aaron Spencer Partner & Head of Private Client Aaron Spencer Partner & Head of Private Client Melanie Christodoulou Senior Associate Melanie Christodoulou Senior Associate Meet the team Our team accreditations Related news & events Probate and avoiding problems with chattels > Avoiding common delays in obtaining probate > Common probate mistakes and how to avoid them > You may also be interested in Wills > Succession planning and asset protection > Elderly and vulnerable client > Contested wills, trusts and probate > How can we help you? Call us on 0333 331 9877 Email your enquiry BACK TO TOP Careers
Offices
Sitemap
Cookies
Accessibility
Complaints
Payments Legal information LLP
Terms of website use
Acceptable use policy
Privacy policy 0333 331 9877 LinkedIn Twitter YouTube ©Furley Page LLP 2023