<iframe src="https://www.googletagmanager.com/ns.html?id=GTM-NSMHG3R"
height="0" width="0" style="display:none;visibility:hidden"></iframe> 0333 331 9877 Payments Legal services Our people Reviews About us News & Insights Contact us Our culture Search For you & your family Conveyancing and residential property Family law Wills Succession planning and asset protection Probate Contested wills, trusts and probate Elderly and vulnerable client Powers of attorney Court of Protection Trust management French property and estates Personal injury claims Medical and clinical negligence claims Employment law for employees Bankruptcy For business Corporate and commercial Real estate Dispute resolution Civil and commercial mediation Property disputes Employment law for employers Intellectual property rights E-commerce IT and information Insolvency Debt recovery Professional negligence Licensing Specialist sectors Agriculture and rural business Automotive Charities and not-for-profit Dentists Education Equine Food and drink Health and care Hospitality and leisure Manufacturing and distribution About us About Furley Page Our culture Our values History of Furley Page Organisations supported by Furley Page Furley Page Foundation Furley Page Foundation grant making policy Donate to Furley Page Foundation Careers Careers at Furley Page Working at Furley Page Furley Page work place benefits Vacancies Job application form Candidate privacy policy Trainee solicitors Trainee solicitors faqs Summer work placement scheme Summer work placement scheme faqs Home Legal services For you & your family For you & your family Conveyancing and residential property Family law Wills Succession planning and asset protection Probate Contested wills, trusts and probate Elderly and vulnerable client Powers of attorney Court of Protection Trust management French property and estates Personal injury claims Medical and clinical negligence claims Employment law for employees Bankruptcy For business For business Corporate and commercial Real estate Dispute resolution Civil and commercial mediation Property disputes Employment law for employers Intellectual property rights E-commerce IT and information Insolvency Debt recovery Professional negligence Licensing Specialist sectors Specialist sectors Agriculture and rural business Agriculture and rural business Sale and purchase of agriculture and rural property Agriculture tenancies Joint venture development projects Sporting rights over rural property Automotive Charities and not-for-profit Dentists Education Education Employment advice for the education sector Academy conversions Equine Equine Equine agreements Bringing and defending equine claims Food and drink Health and care Hospitality and leisure Manufacturing and distribution Our people Reviews About us About us About us About Furley Page Our culture Our values History of Furley Page Organisations supported by Furley Page Furley Page Foundation Furley Page Foundation grant making policy Donate to Furley Page Foundation Careers Careers Careers at Furley Page Working at Furley Page Furley Page work place benefits Vacancies Job application form Candidate privacy policy Trainee solicitors Trainee solicitors faqs Summer work placement scheme Summer work placement scheme faqs News & Insights Contact us Our culture Call us on 0333 331 9877 Email your enquiry For business Home / For business Furley Page has wealth of experience in providing businesses across Kent with legal support and services. Business clients choose us for our outstanding service and excellent legal advice. They appreciate how we focus on what matters to them through our long-lasting client relationships. We add value by helping our clients meet their objectives and achieve the right results for their business or organisation. Whether you are a start-up or a large multi-national, a charity or family business and need advice about dispute resolution, employment law or commercial property, we can help you. What our clients say... Jeremy Licence of Furley Page is very impressive. This is particularly noticeable in the collaborative discussions with several principals and lawyers. His experience shows with perceptive comments and sensible suggestions on how to deal with often complex matters. Client of Jeremy Licence - Oliver Doubleday, Consultant Blackbird Farming I had a number of employment questions that I needed answers to. I went to Furley Page as I had worked with them before on other matters. The whole experience was first class. I worked with Patrick Glencross whose professionalism and efficiency were nothing short of excellent. I’m extremely pleased with the outcome. I have no hesitation in wholeheartedly recommending Furley Page. Client of Patrick Glencross - Garry Costain, Managing Director Caremark Thanet, Dover and Canterbury We keep coming back because they provide value for money and go the extra mile for us. ... Their communication and analysis of complex bank legal documents is very strong. Chambers UK 2023 - Corporate M&A She offers deep expertise in corporate matters including M&A and financing transactions, and advises businesses in various sectors, including professional services and manufacturing. ...Susan Jennings is our go-to partner, we have worked with her very successfully for many years now. Chambers UK 2023 - Susan Jennings Tony Chester provides expertise on complex corporate transactions. He regularly advises on matters pertaining to M&A and restructurings. ... He was always available if I needed advice or a sounding board, and steered us through the transaction extremely professionally. I had full confidence in his abilities. Chambers UK 2023 - Tony Chester The Furley Page team has a considerable range of sector specific knowledge and depth of experience. This enables the team to provide accurate technical advice whilst managing client expectations of outcomes with sound real world wisdom. Furley Page have responded to urgent matters providing a rapid and thoroughly professional response. The Legal 500 2023 - Employment team A robust team under strong leadership have ensured a constant level of high service. The Legal 500 2023 - Susan Jennings' leadership Friendly and professional. Very knowledgeable and passionate. The Legal 500 2023 - Commercial property The team are always happy to help with whatever challenge we put to them. The Legal 500 2023 - Property litigation team Furley Page have an extensive range of expertise provided by teams of legal specialists who worked closely together in providing excellent advice to us as clients. We were very impressed by the service we received during the pandemic – there was always someone on hand to assist us. The Legal 500 2023 - Corporate & commercial client feedback Sarah Woolnough has worked hard and been constantly mindful of costs. The Legal 500 2023 - Sarah Woolnough Continuity and dependability even with change and evolution. The Legal 500 2023 - Property litigation Very diligent and easy to contact. Very helpful and always available. The Legal 500 2023 - Commercial litigation client comments Excellent customer service with a real understanding of the intricacies of our business and the situations we are presented with. Rapid response time. Clear communication. The Legal 500 2023 - Corporate & commercial The team has a great deal of experience in successfully litigating commercial disputes across a wide spectrum of subject matters. They have excellent facilities for hosting a conference, including those where clients take part remotely. In my opinion, Furley Page is comparable to boutique litigation firms in London.’ The Legal 500 2023 - Commercial litigation A clearly capable and methodical team with a personable and proactive approach which sets them apart. The Legal 500 2023 - Commercial litigation feedback Andrew Masters has helped our business through a complicated process with the implementation of new contracts and the various problems that this threw up. His advice throughout was prompt, decisive and ultimately highly effective. Exceptional. The Legal 500 2023 - Andrew Masters The quality of their work, level of expertise and attention to detail is outstanding. Chambers UK 2022 - Litigation Standout team which is held in considerably high esteem for its deep experience in representing SMEs, family-owned businesses and entrepreneurs. Areas of expertise span M&A transactions, joint ventures, corporate restructuring and commercial contracts issues. Particularly well versed in the manufacturing, professional services, healthcare and non-profit sectors. Chambers UK 2022 - Corporate/M&A team The team stands out from the rest of the firms in East Kent. The team is sharper and more responsive than anyone would expect and provides a service comparable to more well-known firms with central London addresses. The Legal 500 2022 - Commercial litigation team The team as a whole is responsive, talented and eager to interface with counsel and the client to ensure efficient and nimble communication. There is an ease with which the lines of communication are kept open and an emphasis on teamwork whilst mindful to avoid duplication of costs. The Legal 500 2022 - Commercial litigation feedback Furley Page were prompt adopters of new technology, with virtual meetings and efficient home-working by partners. We continued to work closely and well together. The Legal 500 2022 - Commercial property The quality of Furley Page’s work, their level of expertise and attention to detail is on a par with what you would expect from a high-end City firm; but they manage to marry that with approachability, dynamism and close involvement in the local business community. All this means they have a deep understanding of their clients’ needs and how best to serve them. I cannot rate them highly enough. Outstanding. The Legal 500 2022 - Commercial litigation They take a practical and collaborative approach, with sound advice covering a wide range of issues – clear communication and cost-effective. The Legal 500 2022 - Commercial property feedback The team has specialist lawyers who are experienced and knowledgeable about their area of work, but what we like about them is their accessibility, approach and commerciality. We were using a different firm before Furley Page was recommended to us – I rate Furley Page far higher in terms of capability and attitude. They are very well regarded in this geographical area. The Legal 500 2022 - Corporate & commercial Brilliant customer service and they really care about the client. In my case I felt that they really cared about me and wanted justice to win out in the end, which ultimately it did. The Legal 500 2021 - Commercial litigation It is an excellent regional law firm that prioritises client relationships. They have a unique ability to value local perspective. Chambers UK 2021 - Corporate MA Strong team with experience and excellent judgement. Competent to deal with all the details, but always understanding the bigger picture and focusing on the real issues. The Legal 500 2021 - Commercial property Furley Page is a full service firm of solicitors who delivers excellent legal advice and services comparable to a good city firm. The Legal 500 2021 - Dispute resolution Always able to provide solutions to potentially complicated problems and very prompt with advice, with valid well thought out alternatives. Highly effective at hard fought contentious planning disputes. The Legal 500 2021 - Property litigation more client feedback They are a good team and have a wealth of expertise and experience. They have an excellent knowledge of commercial property law. Chambers UK 2021 - Real estate Our services Corporate and commercial > Real estate > Dispute resolution > Property disputes > Employment law for employers > Intellectual property rights > E-commerce IT and information > Insolvency > Debt recovery > Professional negligence > Licensing > Our team Jeremy Licence Managing Partner & Head of Real Estate Jeremy Licence Managing Partner & Head of Real Estate Susan Jennings Partner & Head of Corporate Susan Jennings Partner & Head of Corporate Andrew Masters Partner & Head of Employment Andrew Masters Partner & Head of Employment SHOW Furley Page works in Partner-led teams of solicitors who advise across a wide area of legal specialisms. By taking time to get to know you and your needs, our lawyers provide expert legal advice to businesses, organisations and individuals. Find out how we can help you by giving us a call on: 0333 060 9899 Send us an email BACK TO TOP Careers
Offices
Sitemap
Cookies
Accessibility
Complaints
Payments Legal information LLP
Terms of website use
Acceptable use policy
Privacy policy 0333 331 9877 LinkedIn Twitter YouTube ©Furley Page LLP 2023