<iframe src="https://www.googletagmanager.com/ns.html?id=GTM-NSMHG3R"
height="0" width="0" style="display:none;visibility:hidden"></iframe> 0333 331 9877 Payments Legal services Our people Reviews About us News & Insights Contact us Our culture Search For you & your family Conveyancing and residential property Family law Wills Succession planning and asset protection Probate Contested wills, trusts and probate Elderly and vulnerable client Powers of attorney Court of Protection Trust management French property and estates Personal injury claims Medical and clinical negligence claims Employment law for employees Bankruptcy For business Corporate and commercial Real estate Dispute resolution Civil and commercial mediation Property disputes Employment law for employers Intellectual property rights E-commerce IT and information Insolvency Debt recovery Professional negligence Licensing Specialist sectors Agriculture and rural business Automotive Charities and not-for-profit Dentists Education Equine Food and drink Health and care Hospitality and leisure Manufacturing and distribution About us About Furley Page Our culture Our values History of Furley Page Organisations supported by Furley Page Furley Page Foundation Furley Page Foundation grant making policy Donate to Furley Page Foundation Careers Careers at Furley Page Working at Furley Page Furley Page work place benefits Vacancies Job application form Candidate privacy policy Trainee solicitors Trainee solicitors faqs Summer work placement scheme Summer work placement scheme faqs Home Legal services For you & your family For you & your family Conveyancing and residential property Family law Wills Succession planning and asset protection Probate Contested wills, trusts and probate Elderly and vulnerable client Powers of attorney Court of Protection Trust management French property and estates Personal injury claims Medical and clinical negligence claims Employment law for employees Bankruptcy For business For business Corporate and commercial Real estate Dispute resolution Civil and commercial mediation Property disputes Employment law for employers Intellectual property rights E-commerce IT and information Insolvency Debt recovery Professional negligence Licensing Specialist sectors Specialist sectors Agriculture and rural business Agriculture and rural business Sale and purchase of agriculture and rural property Agriculture tenancies Joint venture development projects Sporting rights over rural property Automotive Charities and not-for-profit Dentists Education Education Employment advice for the education sector Academy conversions Equine Equine Equine agreements Bringing and defending equine claims Food and drink Health and care Hospitality and leisure Manufacturing and distribution Our people Reviews About us About us About us About Furley Page Our culture Our values History of Furley Page Organisations supported by Furley Page Furley Page Foundation Furley Page Foundation grant making policy Donate to Furley Page Foundation Careers Careers Careers at Furley Page Working at Furley Page Furley Page work place benefits Vacancies Job application form Candidate privacy policy Trainee solicitors Trainee solicitors faqs Summer work placement scheme Summer work placement scheme faqs News & Insights Contact us Our culture Call us on 0333 331 9877 Email your enquiry Home / About us / Careers / Trainee solicitors faqs Trainee solicitors faqs Answers to frequently asked questions about applying for a trainee solicitor position with Furley Page are below.
Informative blogs and videos by our current trainee solicitors about their training experience with Furley Page are at the end of the page. We also invite you to look at the careers of our previous trainees who have stayed with Furley Page. In this section Careers Working at Furley Page Furley Page work place benefits Vacancies Job application form Candidate privacy policy Trainee solicitors Trainee solicitors faqs Summer work placement scheme Summer work placement scheme faqs Q. Can I apply for both an Undergraduate Summer Placement and the Trainee vacancy?
Yes, you can apply for both using the same form. Please ensure that you indicate at the top of the first page which you are applying for.
Q. How many positions does Furley Page have?
Furley Page usually recruits two Trainees each year. More than two Trainee Solicitors are sometimes considered.
Q. If I am successful, what will be my starting salary?
Furley Page offers a competitive salary to our trainees.
Q. When do I need to submit my application?
If you are applying only for the Trainee vacancy, the closing date is: Friday 30 June 2023
Q. When will I be interviewed and by whom?
Furley Page operates a two stage interview process. Your first interview will be undertaken by an Associate and the Senior HR Manager and will take place on Wednesday 19 July 2023. You may also be asked to undertake some practical tests.
If you are invited to undertake a second interview, which will also incorporate a short presentation, this will be undertaken by the Training Principal, a Partner and a Senior Associate, together with the Senior HR Manager, and will take place during on Wednesday 2 August 2023.
Q. If I apply only for the Trainee role, will I be at a disadvantage if I have not undertaken a work placement scheme with you?
No. All candidates for the Trainee role will be measured against our criteria for the role. Previous work experience with a law firm is, however, desirable.
Q. Does Furley Page offer any financial assistance with my postgraduate studies?
Furley Page will fund the entire LPC fees with a combination of a grant an interest free loan which must be repaid by the end of your training contract.
Q. Does Furley Page recommend any specific electives for me to undertake whilst continuing with my studies?
Furley Page suggests that you chose electives which interest you.
Q. I’ve got mitigating circumstances. How can I make you aware of this?
Please provide this information either within your covering letter or in a separate note, providing as much information as possible.
Q. Are you only looking for academic success?
At Furley Page we value both academic success and previous commercial and client focused experience regardless of whether this has been gained within a legal practice or within non-legal employment.
Q. Do you have any advice about the application and interview processes?
We expect our application form and covering letter to be completed to a high professional standard. For tips about applying to be a trainee solicitor and life as a trainee solicitor, see blogs written by our trainee solicitors.
Also make use of expert resources at Prospects on how to draft CVs and covering letters and interview tips.
Q. Do any of your trainee solicitors stay with Furley Page after qualifying?
Yes. Many of our previous trainees choose to stay with Furley Page and have a successful career achieving Associate and Partner level. Some go on to head up entire legal departments. See for yourself by reviewing the profiles of our previous trainee solicitors by clicking on their names: Abigail Bartlett
Tony Chester
Melanie Christodoulou
George Crofton-Martin
Heather Dunlop
Rosie Eastwood
Lauren Greenham
Naomi Hayward
Anna Joiner
Will King
Luke Page
Neille Ryan
Josie Triffitt Download graduate application form > How can we help you? Call us on 0333 331 9877 Email your enquiry Related news & events Trainee Solicitor, Daisy Burns, talks about her first year of training at Furley Page > Final year Trainee Solicitor, Sam Perry, looks back over his past two years with Furley Page > Trainee Solicitor, James Campbell, talks about his first year of training at Furley Page > Trainee Solicitor, Sam Perry, discusses his experience of training with Furley Page > Trainee Solicitor, Tom Swann, discusses his period of training with Furley Page > Trainee solicitor, Abigail Barlett, reflects on her period of training with Furley Page > You may also be interested in Careers > Working at Furley Page > Furley Page work place benefits > Vacancies > Job application form > Candidate privacy policy > Trainee solicitors > Trainee solicitors faqs > Summer work placement scheme > Summer work placement scheme faqs > BACK TO TOP Careers
Offices
Sitemap
Cookies
Accessibility
Complaints
Payments Legal information LLP
Terms of website use
Acceptable use policy
Privacy policy 0333 331 9877 LinkedIn Twitter YouTube ©Furley Page LLP 2023